c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\SpireDocTest.exe.config
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\SpireDocTest.exe
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\SpireDocTest.pdb
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\SpireDocTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\SpireDocTest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\SpireDocTest_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\SpireDocTest.g.resources
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\SpireDocTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\SpireDocTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\SpireDocTest.exe
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\SpireDocTest.pdb
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\SpireDocTest_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.dll
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.WPF.dll
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.pdb
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.WPF.pdb
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.Core.dll
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.WindowsPresentation.dll
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\WPFHexaEditor.dll
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\fr-CA\WPFHexaEditor.resources.dll
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\ru-RU\WPFHexaEditor.resources.dll
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\bin\Debug\zh-CN\WPFHexaEditor.resources.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\Controls\SkyMediaPlayer.g.cs
C:\Users\ostap\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\Controls\SkyMediaPlayer.baml
C:\Users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpireDocTest\SpireDocTest\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
